You good son
I want to unite with the four major families to drive me out of Guzhou
He was rude to me.
You want me to cut you some slack?
Mr. Xue Zhilong
As long as you promise to let this road go
I made this villain famous from a connoisseur
I will never see him again
Hulomin, you are a connoisseur
Famous from the whole building is
Impossible. You can't have such great ability.
You're just an ignorant kid who stinks delivering takeout
I'm dying, and I'm stubborn
What's up with this kid?
Can remove two of the four major families in Guozhou at the same time
Isn't he just a neighbor?
Is there someone more powerful behind him?
Mr. Gong was very respectful to him
Really not to be underestimated
Get out of Guozhou
I'll save you a dog's life
Or you will disappear from the entire building
Mr. Xie Xuelong
What about you? We will follow you to the death.
Mr. Xue Zhilong, who are you?
I said my location
You have no idea.
So many years
You have been behind my Lin family
How could there be such a powerful force?
It's your Lin family who has no eyeballs
On the surface, you are the ones who support me
Without me, your Lin family wouldn't be where it is today
Are you really that person?